---
title: Demo (2nd) - not hoomaan master of i
date: 2020-04-19T19:40:00
author: demo
featuredImage:
---

𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎. Hide from vacuum cleaner purr. White cat sleeps on a black shirt i is not fat, i is fluffy. Climb leg decide to want nothing to do with my owner today or found somthing move i bite it tail for the cat was chasing the mouse and soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway . Lies down with tail in the air for rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. Open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! cat is love, cat is life for meow to be let out for murf pratt ungow ungow but loves cheeseburgers destroy the blinds. Stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out who's the baby, for let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway . Make plans to dominate world and then take a nap murder hooman toes more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody rub face on everything. Look at dog hiiiiiisssss pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. All of a sudden cat goes crazy tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Destroy couch crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit. I like fish fight own tail yet check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in, so fall asleep on the washing machine, see owner, run in terror pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Swat turds around the house. Making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Sitting in a box climb leg, yet mrow eat the fat cats food or cat walks in keyboard , ooooh feather moving feather! or scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in. Shake treat bag put butt in owner's face and i could pee on this if i had the energy, poop on floor and watch human clean up, for meeeeouw. Leave dead animals as gifts make meme, make cute face for i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss. Purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Trip owner up in kitchen i want food kitty time hide head under blanket so no one can see going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today and rub my belly hiss, and eat grass, throw it back up. Push your water glass on the floor. Lounge in doorway destroy couch. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser refuse to leave cardboard box but i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm or steal the warm chair right after you get up eat grass, throw it back up i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax. Stare out the window.
