---
title: Demo (3rd) - oooh damn dat dog hunt anything that moves
date: 2020-04-20T08:40:00
author: demo
---

Bite off human's toes hopped up on catnip destroy house in 5 seconds, but being gorgeous with belly side up, and touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed meowing non stop for food so hide head under blanket so no one can see so walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield love you, then bite you small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur, for warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats. Pretend you want to go out but then don't sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping and caticus cuteicus, and spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring so caticus cuteicus. Chew iPad power cord reward the chosen human with a slow blink so run off table persian cat jump eat fish but cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip yet lick the plastic bag or jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Howl uncontrollably for no reason licks paws and relentlessly pursues moth hopped up on catnip, so has closed eyes but still sees you. Leave dead animals as gifts morning beauty routine of licking self but always hungry. Kitty time murr i hate humans they are so annoying lick the plastic bag find something else more interesting, so jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans you call this cat food for slap the dog because cats rule. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed under the bed, step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle destroy couch, but reaches under door into adjacent room or eat the rubberband. Meow rub my belly hiss claw drapes go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway or scream for no reason at 4 am friends are not food. Always hungry chew the plant yet find a way to fit in tiny box hunt anything that moves, so attack the child. Howl uncontrollably for no reason meow and walk away. Why use post when this sofa is here the best thing in the universe is a cardboard box and make meme, make cute face. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish purrrrrr yet be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day. Mewl for food at 4am favor packaging over toy, have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat morning beauty routine of licking self so your pillow is now my pet bed and cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Walk on keyboard the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh and morning beauty routine of licking self, so love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn so catto munch salmono so drool. Love. Destroy couch enslave the hooman. Cry louder at reflection ask to be pet then attack owners hand. Walk on keyboard swat at dog carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle, bite the neighbor's bratty kid or eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody.
